Atlas Edit Proposal — 2026-06-08 (#255)
makerdao/next-gen-atlas: content/A/1/10/2/7/5/document.md

---
id: 80eab9dd-3833-4418-9845-b648e19fb72f
docNo: A.1.10.2.7.5
name: Findings Remediation
type: Core
depth: 6
childType: sections_and_primary_docs
---

###### A.1.10.2.7.5 - Findings Remediation [Core]

If the interim audit report contains findings, the team responsible for the audited code must address each finding based on its severity:

> - Findings of low severity or below may be fixed or acknowledged. An acknowledged response must explain why the finding is accepted as-is, including the rationale and any mitigating factors.
> - Findings of medium severity or higher must be fixed. The updated code must be re-audited through a new audit request as specified in [A.1.10.2.7.2 - Audit Request And Intake](fcc17c4e-b1cd-4e62-bb2b-0aea02ee72d5), and the re-audit must be completed as specified in [A.1.10.2.7.4 - Report Review And Acceptance](252e0d85-55ca-4fb5-8f44-a38b6ac65e81) before the audited artifact can proceed to deployment, Spell inclusion, or governance vote. Where the code was submitted by a Prime Agent, the Prime Agent is responsible for the cost of the re-audit.
> 
> All findings must be resolved or acknowledged before the audited artifact can proceed to deployment, Spell inclusion, or governance vote. The resolution status of each finding must be recorded in the final audit report or in a supplementary document referenced from the final audit report.

Reviewer: Content analysis of amendments regarding logical consistency, systemic loopholes, and linguistics: [Notion](https://sky-proposal-analysis.notion.site/Atlas-Edit-Weekly-Cycle-Proposal-2026-06-15-37ea66bbb6b8802281e5cfa68ee5a1a8).

```suggestion
- Findings of low severity or below may be fixed or acknowledged. An acknowledged response must explain why the finding is accepted as-is, including the rationale and any mitigating factors.
- Findings of medium severity or higher must be fixed. The updated code must be re-audited through a new audit request as specified in [A.1.10.2.7.2 - Audit Request And Intake](fcc17c4e-b1cd-4e62-bb2b-0aea02ee72d5), and the re-audit must be completed as specified in [A.1.10.2.7.4 - Report Review And Acceptance](252e0d85-55ca-4fb5-8f44-a38b6ac65e81) before the audited artifact can proceed to deployment, Spell inclusion, or governance vote. Where the code was submitted by a Prime Agent, the Prime Agent is responsible for the cost of the re-audit.

Critical, High, and Medium severity findings must be fully resolved and verified by the auditor before the artifact can proceed. Low severity findings may be acknowledged, subject to a formal risk validation counter-signature from Core GovOps. The resolution status of each finding must be recorded in the final audit report or in a supplementary document referenced from the final audit report.
```
